Added missing kwargs to VSO client fetch (#6052)
sunpy/sunpy: changelog/6052.bugfix.rst

> Several clients did not pass ``**kwargs`` into fetch nor the downloader.

Reviewer: Is this correct?
```suggestion
Several clients did not pass ``**kwargs`` through ``Fido.fetch`` to the client and to ``parfive.Downloader.enqueue_file``.
```
